# Mon Enfant Grandit privacy policy

Last updated: June 03, 2021

This privacy policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the service and informs you of your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

We use your personal data to provide and improve the service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy policy. This privacy policy was created with the help of privacy policy generator.

## Interpretation and definitions

### Interpretation

Words with an initial capital letter have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions have the same meaning whether they appear in the singular or in the plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this privacy policy:

* **Account** means a unique account created for you to access our service or parts of our service.

* **Affiliate** means an entity which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means the ownership of 50% or more of the shares, participations or other securities entitled to vote for the election of directors or of another managing authority.

* **Application** means the software provided by the Company that You have downloaded to any electronic device, named Mon Enfant Grandit.

* **Incub@UO** (referred to as "We" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Incub@UO, Joseph Ki-Zerbo University, Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.

* **Country** refers to: Burkina Faso

* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, mobile phone or digital tablet.

* **Personal data** is all information relating to an identified or identifiable person.

* **The service** refers to the application.

* **Service provider** means any natural or legal person who processes data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third party companies or persons employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to help the Company analyze how the Service is performed.

* **Usage data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the service or from the infrastructure of the service itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

* **You** means the person who accesses or uses the Service, or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which that person accesses or uses the Service, as the case may be.

## Collection and use of your personal data

### Types of data collected

#### Personal data

No data is collected automatically.

#### Usage data

No data is collected automatically.

### Use of your personal data

Incub@UO through this application has no access to the data provided because it (the data) is stored in your device. TIncub@UO strongly recommends that you follow your doctor's advice. This application can in no way replace a doctor.

### Retention of your personal data

Your data is stored on your device and nowhere else.

### Transfer of your personal data

The app does not transfer your data.

### Disclosure of your personal data

Your personal data is stored on your device and Incub@UO cannot access it. Incub@UO cannot disclose your personal data.

### Security of your personal data

The security of your personal data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Although we do not collect or share any personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's privacy

Our service is aimed at anyone of childbearing age.

## Links to other websites

Our service may contain links to other websites which are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policy of each site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party site or service.

## Changes to this privacy policy

We may update our privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.

We will notify you by a visible notice on our service, before the change becomes effective, and we will update the "last updated" date at the top of this privacy policy.

You are advised to periodically review this privacy policy for any changes. Changes to this privacy policy are effective when posted on this page.

## Contact us

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us:

* By email: <incubuoujkz@gmail.com>

* By visiting this page on our website: [INCUB@UO – Un incubateur Digital](https://incubuo.tech/)
